PeterCat User Agreement
Version 20241122

The PeterCat User Agreement (hereinafter referred to as the "Agreement") is a valid contract between you and Hangzhou Yunwu Technology Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "we" or "us") regarding your use of the PeterCat Assistant services (hereinafter referred to as the "Services"). This Agreement aims to inform you of the content of the Services and your rights and obligations in using the Services. Please carefully read the content of this Agreement, especially the bolded sections. If you choose to accept this Agreement by clicking on the web page or other means, it will be deemed that you have agreed to the terms of this Agreement.
If you have any questions about the content of this Agreement or the prompt information on this Services page, please do not proceed to the next step. You can contact us through our customer service email (petercat.assistant@gmail.com) for consultation so that we can explain and illustrate it to you.

1.	Our Services 
The Services are internet intelligent technical services provided by us and our affiliates in various forms such as webpages, applications, or others (the specific method subject to actual support of the product). You can use this Services to create your own intelligent Q&A robot for your open-source project and provide automatic Q&A services to customers. We will dynamically adjust the Services content according to user needs, market changes, industry development, and the need for updates to relevant laws and regulations. The specific services content are subject to our actual provision.

2.	User Information Collection and Use 
2.1.To use the Services, you agree and authorize us to obtain and use your GitHub account, GitHub Token, and the basic information, Issue information, markdown files and code information of the GitHub repository you configured, etc., to create your own intelligent Q&A robot and answer customer questions, reply to GitHub Issues and conduct code review after the robot is created.
2.2.After your exclusive intelligent Q&A robot is created, you agree and authorize us to obtain and use all relevant documents, issues and other information in the GitHub repository you configured in real time, as well as the information updated and supplemented from time to time, so as to provide automatic Q&A services to customers after the robot is created and to continuously optimize the robot's capabilities.
2.3.We support you using your own model token. If you configure your own model token on the Services page, it is deemed that you agree and authorize us to call your model token and public key information from the relevant model Services provider for creating your exclusive intelligent Q&A robot.
2.4.Please rest assured that we pay attention to the protection of your information, follow the principles of legality, legitimacy, and necessity, and will strictly protect and process your information according to the PeterCat Privacy Policy.
2.5.To continuously improve our Services quality, within the scope permitted by applicable laws and regulations, you understand and agree that we have the right to store and use the information content you provide during the use of the Services, as well as the content input by users using your exclusive intelligent Q&A robot, the content automatically output by the robot, and your feedback on the output content (excluding personal information) for purposes including but not limited to copying, distributing, transmitting, publicly displaying, editing, promoting, relevant research, and robot training optimization. However, we cannot guarantee that the aforementioned content will not be lost or damaged, and we do not have any responsibility for the safety and integrity of the above content.

3.	Services Usage Norms
3.1.Our Services targets do not include individuals under 14 years of age. You should ensure that you are at least 14 years old and have the capacity to act in compliance with the terms of this Agreement.
3.2.You should ensure that the GitHub account, repository address, and information within the repository, such as documents, model tokens, etc., that you provide are true, accurate, legal, and valid, and that you have obtained all necessary and sufficient authorizations for us to process such content in the agreed manner. To avoid you resubmitting information, you agree that we may legally collect relevant information from other entities and share relevant information with other entities that can legally collect or use your information. If we, on our own or through a third party, find that the information you provide contains security issues or violates applicable laws and regulations, platform rules, etc., we have the right to suspend or terminate the provision of the Services to you, and all legal responsibilities arising therefrom shall be borne by you.
3.3.You should properly keep your account and password for using the Services, as well as your email and other contact information and communication tools. We identify your identity and instructions through your account and password, and any operation using your account and password is deemed to be your own operation. You agree that any losses and responsibilities arising from the loss, disclosure, theft, or other issues related to your account and password shall be borne by you.
3.4.You promise to comply with the laws and regulations of your location, Github platform rules and all applicable laws and regulations, platform rules, public order and good customs, social morality and the contents of this Agreement when using this Services, and shall not use this Service to engage in any illegal behavior, or behavior that violates the purpose of this Agreement, or infringes the rights of third parties.
3.5.After creating your exclusive intelligent Q&A robot, you may apply to list your robot on our Services page's marketplace or deploy it to your webpage or other external channels. We will require you to provide relevant information and take technical or manual measures for review in accordance with laws and regulations, regulatory requirements, and applicable platform rules. If there are security issues or other risks, your robot will not be listed or deployed to external channels. For clarification, our review is only a formal review and does not exempt you from your obligations and responsibilities or create, increase, or aggravate our obligations and responsibilities.
3.6.After creating your exclusive intelligent Q&A robot and providing services to customers, you shall be solely responsible for fulfilling the obligations of Services providers required by applicable laws and regulations, policies, platform rules, or regulatory agencies, including but not limited to user rights and obligations, personal information protection, etc. You shall be solely responsible for handling and independently bearing all responsibilities for complaints, penalties, disputes, etc., that occur during the use of your exclusive intelligent Q&A robot by users.
3.7.You shall not expressly or impliedly indicate any joint venture, investment, or partnership with us beyond this Agreement, nor shall you expressly or impliedly indicate that we have any evaluations, guarantees, or assurances for you. Without our written consent, you shall not use the trade names, trademarks, Services marks, corporate names, other logos, identifications, or terminology of us and our affiliated companies for any activities.
3.8.To ensure a good experience and security of the Services, please use the Services correctly and refrain from:
- Deleting information about copyright on the software and its copies;
- Copying, modifying, adding, deleting, hooking, or creating any derivative works from the data released by the software or during its operation to any terminal memory, the interactive data between the client and server during software operation, and the system data necessary for software operation, including but not limited to using plugins, external tools, or unauthorized third-party tools or services to access the software and related systems;
- Modifying or falsifying instructions and data during software operation, adding, deleting, or changing software functions or operational effects, or operating or disseminating software or methods for the aforementioned purposes, regardless of whether such actions are for commercial purposes;
- Using the Services through unofficial, unauthorized software, plugins, external tools, or systems, or creating, publishing, or disseminating unofficial, unauthorized software, plugins, external tools, or systems;
- Using automated methods such as unofficial programs, machines, scripts, crawlers, or others to use the Services (including websites related to the Services) or obtain data related to the Services. You may only use the Services through manual operations.
If you wish to participate in collaborative technology development for the Services, please participate through our GitHub open-source community and comply with the relevant open-source license.
3.9.If you violate laws and regulations, infringe on the intellectual property rights of third parties, or violate the terms of this Agreement when using the Services (including when providing services to clients after creating your exclusive intelligent Q&A robot), we have the right to independently judge and take measures such as issuing warnings, requiring corrections within a time limit, suspending use, deleting or blocking your intelligent Q&A robot, depending on the situation. If your actions cause damage to us, other users, or other third parties, you shall also bear corresponding compensation responsibilities.

4.	Intellectual Property Rights
4.1	All intellectual property rights of the Services and related technical software and all intellectual property rights of derivatives of the aforementioned technical software belong to us or the right holder who enjoys the relevant intellectual property rights according to law. The intellectual property rights of the information content you provide belong to you or the right holder who enjoys the relevant intellectual property rights according to law. You undertake and guarantee that you have full rights or have obtained sufficient authorization for the information content you provide, and that there is no violation of applicable laws and regulations or platform rules, infringement of third-party intellectual property rights or other legitimate rights and interests (including but not limited to intellectual property rights such as copyright, patent rights, and trademark rights, as well as other rights such as personality rights and personal information rights), or content that violates public order and good customs. If any loss is caused to us as a result, you shall bear the compensation liability.
4.2	If permitted by relevant laws and regulations, within the scope of such permission, you may claim relevant rights based on the output content generated from the information content you provide. You shall handle related intellectual property issues on your own, and we shall not be liable for any losses caused thereby. To avoid doubt, if the information content you provide, user input content, or output content from the intelligent Q&A robot itself contains content for which we or other related right holders enjoy intellectual property rights, then the intellectual property rights of the aforementioned content shall still belong to us or other related right holders.

5.	Suspension and Termination of Services
5.1.	You have the right to stop using this Services at any time through the corresponding page of this Services. If you wish to use this Services again after closing it, you will need to re-access this Services and provide or confirm relevant information as prompted on the page.
5.2.	We will continue to strive to provide you with better services. Please understand that in the following circumstances, we may suspend, terminate, or cease providing the Services to you, and you should not require us to bear any legal consequences such as breach of contract liability:
- You violate laws and regulations, platform rules, or the provisions of this Agreement.
- You use this Services for illegal purposes or engage in behaviors that infringe upon the legitimate rights and interests of others.
- The account you use to log in to this Services has been deactivated or subject to restrictive measures.
- Based on the provisions of laws, regulations, and policies, regulatory requirements, or risk management and control needs.
- We have notified you in advance through announcements or other means of stopping the Services.
5.3.	The provision of this Services is subject to the cooperation between us, our affiliates, and third-party institutions such as technical providers. If the cooperation between third-party institutions and us is terminated, this Services will also be terminated accordingly.

6.	Disclaimer
6.1	You acknowledge and understand that we only provide the underlying technical services related to this Services, and this Services are provided "as is" and "as available" without any form of guarantee. Your use of the Services is at your own risk.
6.2	In light of the technical limitations of artificial intelligence and algorithms, we do not guarantee the legality, authenticity, accuracy, and completeness of the output content created by your use of this Services. The output content may still contain defects, errors, unreasonableness, or may not fully meet user needs. The output content is for reference only and does not constitute any advice or decision-making for users. Users need to make their own judgments about the output content and bear all risks arising from its use. We are exempt from any legal liability for the output content. You should ensure that users are aware of and understand the aforementioned risks. Any legal liability arising from users' use of the output content should be borne by you or the users, and you should ensure that we are exempt from legal liability arising from users' use of the output content.
6.3	In the event that you are unable to use the Services due to unforeseen, unavoidable, and insurmountable force majeure events, such as natural disasters (e.g., typhoons, floods, earthquakes, etc.), war, strikes, unrest, hacker attacks, industry policy adjustments, or judicial and governmental restrictions, which are beyond the reasonable control of both parties, we will notify you promptly. We shall be exempted from liability within the scope affected by force majeure. If the force majeure lasts for more than fifteen days, we may notify you to terminate the Services.
6.4	The normal operation of the relevant functions of this Services depends on network communications, telecommunications equipment and other facilities. If the Services are interrupted or fail due to power supply failure, network failure, attack, virus, interference, hacker, system stability or other security reasons, the two parties will not hold each other responsible, but the party where the failure occurs should take reasonable actions to actively promote the restoration of normal services.

7.	Complaints and Reports
7.1	We attach great importance to the Services quality provided by this Services. If you find that any component of this Services or the output content contains any infringement of your intellectual property rights or other legitimate rights and interests, or if you discover any illegal or irregular behavior, false information, or use that violates this Agreement or the platform rules, you can send relevant complaints or reports to us through our customer service email. After verification, we will take measures to remove or disable relevant content in accordance with Chinese laws, regulations, and government normative documents. Please understand that due to the periodic nature of the optimization and training of artificial intelligence systems, there may be a certain delay in our removal or disabling of some content.
7.2	If we discover or receive reports or complaints from others that you have violated the provisions of this agreement or platform rules, or are suspected of illegal behavior, you should promptly and effectively address any potential illegal content. If damage is caused to us or third parties, you will bear the corresponding compensation liability. We also have the right to directly delete, block relevant content, and impose penalties on you, including but not limited to warnings, restrictions or prohibitions on the use of some or all functions, Services suspension until termination, etc., and have the right to refuse to provide services to you again.

8.	Jurisdiction and Others
8.1.	The formation, effectiveness, performance, and interpretation of this agreement shall be governed by the laws of the People's Republic of China (solely for the purpose of this Agreement, and for the avoidance of doubt, excluding the laws of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Macao Special Administrative Region, and Taiwan Region). You agree and accept that disputes arising from this Agreement shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the people's court with jurisdiction in Xihu District, Hangzhou City, Zhejiang Province, China. 
8.2.	This Agreement includes the main body of the Agreement and all rules that we have published or may publish in the future through the Services page, including the PeterCat Privacy Policy, operating procedures, notices, announcements, etc. (hereinafter collectively referred to as "Rules"). All Rules are an integral part of this Agreement and have the same legal effect as the main body of this agreement.
8.3.	To further improve user experience, we will continuously update the Services, providing users with updates such as version upgrades, functional upgrades, and rule upgrades. This Agreement may also be updated accordingly. We will notify you of updates to this Agreement through announcements, emails, pop-up windows, or other means (hereinafter collectively referred to as "Notices"). The updated content will take effect on the specified date in the aforementioned notices. If you do not agree to the terms of the updated agreement, you have the right to stop using the relevant services. If you continue to use this Services, it indicates that you are willing to accept the changed terms of the agreement.
8.4.	We may change the subject (including addition) according to business adjustments. The changed subject will jointly perform this agreement with you and provide you with this Services. The change of subject will not affect your rights and interests under this Agreement. If you continue to use this Services, it is deemed that you agree that the changed subject will be the executor of this Agreement.
8.5.	This Agreement is prepared and signed in Chinese. Any other language version of this Agreement is provided for reference only. If there is any inconsistency between other language versions and the Chinese version, the Chinese version shall prevail.
